A web-based IDE for PML


Contents:

1. Features
2. Installation

 
1.Features :

	- File upload
	Click "File > Open from disk". In the system-specific file explorer
	choose the file you wish to open in the editor. The file will be copied
	into PML Studio and can be edited. This does not modify the file on your
	system.

	- Syntax analysis
	Enter some PML into the editor. Click "Tools > Check syntax" to receive
	warning and error messages if there is a problem with your model. These
	messages are displayed to the left of the line numbers in the editor.

	- Authentication
	Register an account to make use of features such as file save &
	retrieve. To do this, click "Account (Not signed in) > Sign in". Click
	"Don't have an account?". Enter an email address and password and click
	"Register". If registration was successful you will be automatically
	signed in. To just sign in, click "Account (Not signed in) > Sign in".
	Enter your email address and password and click "Sign in".
	Alternatively, use the editor normally and you will be prompted to sign
	in on attempting to use any account-specific features. To sign out,
	click "Account (email address) > Sign out".

	- Third-party authentication
	PML Studio supports sign in using a Google account. Click
	"Account (Not signed in) > Sign in". Click the button with the Google
	logo that says "Sign in". Choose a Google account to sign in with. You
	should be automatically logged in to PML Studio with this account. To
	sign out, click "Account (email address) > Sign out".

	- File save & retrieve
        This ensures entered/uploaded code is optionally saved for later retrieval.
	Sign in and click "File > Save to server". Enter a file name (file
	extension optional) and click "Save". The file is now saved on the
	server and is private to your account. To retrieve a file, sign in and
	click "File > Open from server". The files saved to your account will be
	listed. Click on the name of the file to open it in the editor. If there
	are no files saved to your account, the message
	"There are no files saved on your account." will be displayed.

	- Code editor
	The editor in PML Studio features syntax highlighting, keyword and
	resource completion, syntax highlighting and simple emulation of vim and
	emacs. The code editor is focused by default when PML Studio is loaded.

	- Syntax highlighting
	Enter PML into the editor and keywords and brackets will be coloured in
	order to improve readability.

	- Code completion (keywords and resources)
	This refers to PML specific code completion for PML keywords.
	Whilst typing in the code editor you may be prompted with a list of
	strings under the cursor. Use the up/down arrow keys to select an entry
	in the list and tab to select the highlighted entry.

	- Editor keybinding emulation
	Click "Edit > Preferences" to open the editor's settings menu. The
	"Keyboard Handler" dropdown list contains entries for several popular
	keyboard entry modes. Select one and hit Esc or click on the editor area
	to close the preferences menu.

	- Error highlighting
	This ensures all the syntax errors are highlighted.
	Enter some PML into the editor. Click "Tools > Check syntax" to receive
	warnings and error messages if there is a problem with your model. These
	messages are displayed to the left of the line numbers in the editor.


2.Installation:

These instructions are for installing this software on Ubuntu 14.04 64-bit.

Ensure the required dependencies are installed:

	./install_dependencies.sh

Choose a project name and deploy the IDE:

	./install.sh <project name>

Check that the installation went OK:

	./verify_installation.sh <project name>

Access the IDE by visiting localhost/<project name> in a web browser.

Remove the IDE at any time by running:

	sudo ./clean.sh <project name>

